Learn: Zettelkasten

[Open source and organization workshop - zettelkasten](https://klemet.github.io/Workshop-Organization-EN/07-zettelkasten.html)

## What is Zettelkasten?
The Zettelkasten is a method of knowledge management and note taking. 
1. It makes it easier to classify knowledge in order to find it very quickly.
2. It classifies information in a very simple and instinctive way.
3. It allows us to easily see the connections that can exist between different knowledge.
4. It is used to encapsulate information.
5. It avoids having to search for information in long notes or texts.
6. It makes taking notes more enjoyable.

## The principles of the Zettelkasten
### The Zettelkasten must be composed of notes that respect the “principle of atomicity.”
- your notes should be as short as possible, and should consider a very specific topic in particular
- This allows you to encapsulate the information as much as possible
- In practice, it is quite normal to start writing short notes; then, as they get longer if you add things to them, to split them into several notes

### The “Zettelkasten” should not be textual, but “hyper-textual.”
- Hyper-textual organization avoids structuring information in a linear way (from a beginning to an end), and makes its writing - and access - quite “organic.”
- the Zettels (notes) contained in a Zettelkasten will all have a unique identifier, like a web page. This identifier will allow to create connections between the Zettels, just like links between wikipedia pages.

### There is one Zettelkasten for one person, and one person per Zettelkasten.
- A Zettelkasten must be personal, and several people should not work together on one Zettelkasten. 

## Anatomy of the Zettelkasten
### The Zettels
A Zettel is a note, composed of three parts:
- A unique identifier
- A body/content
- A footer that contains references

id: 9beacaa1d72f4d098b6673c70783eebb
parent_id: 1e13311b266f4edbac99daf6904301a3
created_time: 2022-02-28T07:36:03.573Z
updated_time: 2022-02-28T09:04:51.826Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 49.28250000
longitude: -123.12910000
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 1
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2022-02-28T07:36:03.573Z
user_updated_time: 2022-02-28T09:04:51.826Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
master_key_id: 
type_: 1